Add some short installation and usage instructions (#107)
pyodide/pyodide-build: README.md

See [http://github.com/pyodide/pyodide](http://github.com/pyodide/pyodide) for
more information.

## Quickstart

### Usage

> [!TIP]

> > Currently, installing `pyodide-build` is preferred to running it.

Reviewer: What does this mean? I usually don't have the question "should I install this or should I run it" because usually I have to install first in order to run?

Author: Ah, I meant to convey that users are better off installing `pyodide-build` (globally or in a virtual environment) rather than trying to use `pipx` or `uvx` (instructions for which are provided for completeness). I'll try to reword this sentence.

Author: I hope 3ec2ab2c63679c29a82b4fc6f7416bc7c29ad52b conveys the meaning better!

#### Install it

```bash
pip install pyodide-build
pyodide --help

> pyodide build --help

Reviewer: Why do you include these?

Author: I can probably drop it, it's just meant to serve as a filler as we don't have docs hosted yet. But a CLI is usually self-documenting, so it's fine not to include this.

Author: Addressed in b7708ff5707fda9d41d59cceb2bad1e52577f3fd.

```

#### Install it globally

```bash
pipx install --include-deps pyodide-build
pyodide --help
pyodide build --help
```

or, alternatively

```bash
pipx install pyodide-cli
pipx inject pyodide-cli pyodide-build
pyodide --help
pyodide build --help
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > If installing `pyodide-build` and its dependencies in virtual environments, we recommend
> using ones that are managed by `venv` or `virtualenv` at the moment; see #58.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Currently `pyodide-build` does not work well in environments managed by uv, see #58.
```
I think this is the only thing in this PR that is appropriate for a readme. I think this adds a lot of noise, people can use pipx or uvx or venv or install pyodide-build globally or use whatever tools as they prefer. The readme isn't a tutorial on Python installer workflows.

Author: Makes sense to me, thanks!
